your what's up it's not to feel good
okay maybe not I can just clarify your
name burger is gonna be anonymous on
this unless you want me to say your name
I'm not gonna put everybody in this out
on the streets like that that's the
quickest way to get caught up you want
me to mention your name just let me know
in the message your sin check it out so
first message is to date or not to date
hmm interesting I got a message from a
young lady she says that she has a
recently met a guy at her older sister's
bday party he's very intelligent young
college professor which is a plus he is
really down to earth and I get along
with him well so far we just found out
that we had mutual friends that we hang
out with we've just never met he tells
me that he is very attracted to me and
wants to get to know me so on and so
forth blah blah blah
the problem is he has a girlfriend hold
on I told him that I didn't want to get
serious with him because of that yet he
continues to call and wants to hang out
at first I didn't mind hanging out with
him because we're just friends recently
his fraternity had their Founders Day
celebration or instead of inviting his
girlfriend to the events he invited me
again I really didn't care because in my
mind they are just girlfriend and
boyfriend they're not married so it's
not serious blah blah blah okay but now
it seems as if he wants to take it to
the next level he just invited me to a
family function seriously I don't know
what to think of it we talked all about
the subject all the time he's never with
his girlfriend they never go out and do
anything from what he's telling me and I
kind of believe it she I believe - he
spent all the time on you him I don't
want to really like him because I don't
want to get my feelings hurt what do you
think about the situation am I wrong for
dating him should I continue or just
wait until he decides what it's going
what he's gonna do okay first of all we
needed hit the brakes
at the park where you thought about he
has a girlfriend it's just everything
was just going fine with the stories
nice college professor you got a job
laughs we've got mutual friends only one
problem he got a great Oh tuck what how
does that right there should be yoke you
two go ahead and exit stage right or
left or whichever way you wanna go just
get out of the way
for real you never mess with a man who
got a girlfriend
think of it lighted okay hold on Wow
where do you start with this first of
all to answer your question straight up
no you don't need a date him no more you
don't need to see him anymore we start
asking you why you ain't call me no more
like a tree top negro you got a
girlfriend I said just like that so you
gets the message and realize that you
ain't the homeworking type least I hope
you ain't the home-wrecking type as far
as it just being they just girlfriend
and boyfriend they not married don't you
watch cheaters seldom if ever on that
show are they couples ever married ever
it's always a girlfriend and boyfriend
you understand what a girlfriend a
boyfriend is I mean that's a verbal
commitment that's something saying that
okay I'm not married to you you ain't
married to me yet but we're working
towards hopefully getting to some place
where we can establish something solid
and maybe move to that marriage round if
he doesn't respect his current
girlfriend enough what's to make you
think he's gonna respect you anymore if
you decide to get serious with him what
what can you really hope to gain from
where they should be starts off like
that he met you why he was in a
relationship with somebody else
he don't forgot all about her there's
now focus on you granted we all feel
good about ourselves we all think that
we have something special but what
really makes you think is you're gonna
be any more special than what he
originally saw his last girl or the
girls were Carly because I came to call
the last girl as far as the brother to
take you to the family functions that
would be funny man I can only imagine
the look on the faces mom and cousin it
when you pull up on his arm
Oh baby where's Sheila this this is
definitely definitely not territory you
want to go in are you gonna enter get
yourself mixed up in all types of
unnecessary drama especially if he's
dating a black woman you knew any
self-respecting sister is not just going
to slide off she's gonna have a few
words for you might even have a few
actions for you just to avoid the whole
bunch is just unnecessary drama getting
situations all together
look let ol boy know sorry you nice and
all that but you're committed to
somebody else right now I'm not even
sure
take that stuff with you like that and
you kind of more completely I'm not
talking about temporarily till he breaks
up with his girlfriend I mean ever
because remember you now you know just
from what he's doing not what he thinks
about a girlfriend
obviously don't mean nothing important
to him because if it did he wouldn't be
talking to you and that's just real you
don't see that camera crew show up
definitely manned up being on cheaters
I'm black oh shoot
she sent me that message on YouTube hmm
yeah I got comments questions whatever
hey you sent a man you can go ahead and
work some things up XJ yes back in the
world once again take a soon save
yourself a headache save yourself the
trouble give our border scissors